Production Issue Analysis – Rhythm Request Not Reflected Despite Approval

Overview:
A Rhythm Request was marked as Approved, but the change was not reflected in the system. This document provides a complete, beginner-friendly step-by-step breakdown of the investigation and resolution.
	1.	Problem Statement:
A user reported that their Rhythm Request was showing as Approved, but the update was not applied or visible in the system. This required investigation on the production environment.
	2.	Step-by-Step Investigation:

Step 1: Verify Approval Status in Database
We first checked whether the request was actually approved in the RYTHM_REQUEST table.

SQL Query used:
SELECT * FROM RYTHM_REQUEST WHERE request_id = <REQUEST_ID>;

Result:
The record showed Status = Approved. This confirmed that the database was updated correctly.

Step 2: Check Production Logs
After confirming approval in the DB, we proceeded to check the logs on the Production Host for request RYTHM-PROD-136525.

General Log Check:
We looked for any exceptions or error patterns that could explain why the approved request did not reflect. This included checking service logs, workflow logs, and system error traces.

Specific Exception Found:
ClusterNotFoundException: Cluster not found: gen2_tran2

Interpretation:
The system attempted to process the approved request, but it failed because a required cluster configuration (gen2_tran2) was missing. This exception caused the approval to not propagate to the downstream system.

Step 3: Identify Root Cause
The missing configuration for the cluster “gen2_tran2” in the application config was identified as the root cause. Without this cluster present in the configuration file, the processing workflow could not complete successfully.

Step 4: Resolution Implemented
The Development Team added the missing cluster configuration “gen2_tran2” to the production config. After deployment, the process executed successfully and the Rhythm Request began reflecting correctly in the system.
	3.	Summary of Resolution Steps:
	4.	Checked Database approval status – Completed
	5.	General check for exceptions and errors in Production Logs – Completed
	6.	Identified specific exception: ClusterNotFoundException for missing config “gen2_tran2” – Completed
	7.	Dev Team added missing cluster configuration – Completed
